bugs.md, before:

# Forms
1. Short form
    a. We need to ad a multiselect for the drugs, not all have them.
    b. Translation is not compplete -> print screen
2. Registration form
    a. name (imia), name (imia) (in russian) needs to be "imia", "familia"
    b. select the language says "Ruckij" we need "Iazik" (language)
    c. some translation missing "place to go" -> "Kuda"
3. long form
    a. step 2 and 3 neizvestna -> neizvestno
4. All 
    a. Date format is not correct: mm/dd/yyyy -> dd/mm/yyyy
    b. emails do not work well, hotmail, mail.ru, who... seem not to be recieving mails... -> solved infomniak block sending mails... was the server hacked? if not we need to check the correctness of mails sent by the website.

# Global translations
1. Notifications
2. emails

# PDF
Russian pdf are badly encoded. (disclaimer, rules) and display weirdly.

# Menu
1. the menu is not always visible on all pages. After submitting a case for example it is impossible to comeback to the home page  

# Focal points
## Case B
When a focal points assigns himself as the doctor, the system bugs.. the focal point cannot fill the full form. I guess this is because the focal point should not see the data from the doctor... When the status ntpr is removed from the user, everything works...

# Files
One of the test cases had the files of someone else. It happened when someone added a file to a case that he assigned to himself and he added the file to the case at the end. I did not really understood how this happened. But something fishy happened here.

Commit message:

added description of a new issue

bugs.md, after:

# Forms
1. Short form
    a. We need to ad a multiselect for the drugs, not all have them.
    b. Translation is not compplete -> print screen
2. Registration form
    a. name (imia), name (imia) (in russian) needs to be "imia", "familia"
    b. select the language says "Ruckij" we need "Iazik" (language)
    c. some translation missing "place to go" -> "Kuda"
3. long form
    a. step 2 and 3 neizvestna -> neizvestno
4. All 
    a. Date format is not correct: mm/dd/yyyy -> dd/mm/yyyy
    b. emails do not work well, hotmail, mail.ru, who... seem not to be recieving mails... -> solved infomniak block sending mails... was the server hacked? if not we need to check the correctness of mails sent by the website.

# Global translations
1. Notifications
2. emails

# PDF
Russian pdf are badly encoded. (disclaimer, rules) and display weirdly.

# Menu
1. the menu is not always visible on all pages. After submitting a case for example it is impossible to comeback to the home page  

# Focal points
## Case B

### Focal point cannot work as a doctor
When a focal points assigns himself as the doctor, the system bugs.. the focal point cannot fill the full form. I guess this is because the focal point should not see the data from the doctor... When the status ntpr is removed from the user, everything works...

### Focal point of one country can send to doctors of another
If a focal point sends a case as a doctor to another country, the case is submitted to the country, BUT, the focal point of the country **do not** recieve the case. Instead, the focal point who submited the case, gets can assign the case to doctors in the receiving country. If the focal point of the sending country chooses to assign someon he sees the complete list of doctor of the receiving country, then the focal point of the sending country cannot submit the full report to the receiving doctor (previous issue). **case example**: \#4171670001

# Files
One of the test cases had the files of someone else. It happened when someone added a file to a case that he assigned to himself and he added the file to the case at the end. I did not really understood how this happened. But something fishy happened here.
